hey guys guess what is finally here
saints row 4 you follow me on twitter at
all you know that I've been very
impatiently waiting for this game so
much stuff I want to do I got to play
the demo at e3 I loved it and this is
the super dangerous wub wub edition
that's got the gun in it so I figured I
do unboxing for you and I'm also going
to be doing some gameplay videos
gameplay capture videos and a review for
you guys as well so there's gonna be a
lot of saints row stuff going on my
channel this month I'm not exactly
hundred percent sure what is in this
edition I just knew it came with like a
gun replica and I was like sold give me
that one there's a better one that came
out or a bigger one that came out just a
little bit more money before or after I
don't even know what I'm trying to say
that came with like a little display box
and stuff I wanted to get that one
really bad but yo she's been having a
little bit of trouble and she's got some
allergies going on so she's my first
priorities so yeah vets are not cheap
kid's gonna open this up oh oh how
amazing there we go it's everything
inside um so look so we've got the gun
in there there's the game and other
stuff that of course I didn't pay
attention to what it was so let's find
out first of course is the game so
excited to get back in there I already
went on the xbox live um app where you
got to design your own character so
design my own character she's a big
booby blonde chick and she's gonna be
naked for most of the game of course oh
and if you're wondering about my shirt
it's a ridiculous shirt I know it's as I
love rim jobs on it but come on it's
from saints row 3 when they were doing
all the promo stuff at e3 and they were
giving away these shirts and rim jobs is
it's the name of the car mechanic store
in the game so I already know the
comments I'm gonna get for the shirt but
it seats row come on and yes I got it
for the 360 achievements next I got a
Johnny Gat statue this is awesome I
totally what did even pay 10
and then it came with this how badass he
is joining at all year where is he gonna
go Oh before I go in this in this one
with Kratos and ezio because that's kind
of like my hodgepodge of action games
yeah Oh No I'll find it a good home
don't worry then I've got the Saints Row
doomsday button huh oh I need the key
get the key with the the Saints emblem
on it on
nothing happened oh maybe I need to pull
this tab all right let's try again I
don't know that's what it's supposed to
sound like is that what you guys it
sounds like kind of sounds like it's
broken listen so much more sound like
that's not very doomsday me doomsday II
sounding I love it either way that's
going in my collection with Johnny Gat
and of course the item we've all been
waiting for the dubstep gun oh my God
look at it it looks like looks like a
little record player all right how do I
turn this thing on I can't figure out
where batteries would go cuz it came
with batteries shoulda came with one of
those little screwdrivers to all right
whoa it's a laser pointer
Oh
loud we shoot you to admit she's not
cool she's like nope your sister dancing
who she dance she's not dancing best gun
ever this is amazing i love it oh my god
i love this i'm going to i'm going to
dubstep everybody that walks in my door
they are required to dance they have to
but that's not how this game also
apparently came with some other stuff or
this edition also came with some other
stuff 12-inch dubstep gun replica with
laser and sound dubstep doomsday but
that is definitely not dubstep sounding
I think my doomsday buttons broken
Johnny Gat memorial statue saints row 4
commander in chief edition ok so it's
got the America weapon it's actually
spelled America um uncle sam suit and
screaming eagle jet hell yeah oh my god
i'm so excited to play this game you
guys have no idea so i'm gonna go ahead
and wrap this video up and make sure you
subscribe please if you haven't already
because i will be doing gameplay videos
of saints row 4 on in mine naked
character running around she'll probably
have the nolan north voice because i
just want to hear Nolan or speak to me
all day long um and I'll also be doing a
review of the game when I finish it so
stay tuned for all that and as always
thanks for watching you guys I love all
of your faces
member